sure we get into that so let me this
recap some of the points for the
listeners that pretty much you have been
able to replace your university in with
your YouTube been able to bring it to a
point that you don't need you have your
time and you did mention that there who
want to buy your other courses things
can go pretty well and so you're kind of
implicit stating to people that you have
students who are interested in buying
and that's part of your strategies to be
able to replace university so so I'd
like to talk about those couple of
things one is that what are you doing
that is the game your students who like
their courses in that they purchase your
new courses and then I would like you to
answer is is that pretty much means
right now is just for your marketing
efforts is just really selling to your
existing any other marketing efforts to
the next so how do you get your students
to like your courses enough that they're
purchasing more courses from you in are
you selling your yeah that's a good
question so focused on to you to meet
for a couple of minutes and then I'll
talk about what else am I doing so we
can you tell me where I learned how to
teach online I'm just saying that
everything I'm still learning but myself
now 22 years ago that's not embarrassing
the difference is huge I found that
students will respond well
its they see value in that the board as
you know indeed any image by anything
for $10 if the student it saves value of
$200 in a course that they bought for
ten dollars they will be extremely happy
so that's a very good stuff with my
first course there is no step-by-step
Sep 22 our coast guard the hundred and
ten elections but again nobody ever
complete said things so that that it
shows in my statistics class I also I
get hard repository with all the croats
and nobody ever has to type anything
just going to get the code from a code
repository that's a great help keep the
repository and the courses today then
exceed them whenever somebody trying to
bug is what I did this morning she and
the course is always up to date the
forums have been lively as well spend a
couple of hours should be day helping
our students with the questions
sometimes just questions just a marital
have a look at this very quick by some
of the times like last night I had to
spend an hour and a half researching a
particular topic that I had counted in
one of the pictures but didn't have
details I didn't think bob did so the
couch their gap so all that bad do you
to me it's it's a walled gardens like
the Apple ecosystem so everything that I
do inside you to meet tends to stay
inside of you to me sometimes treat my
course that doesn't happen when you're
so picks up on that you let me ask you
know
pick up on how many questions you want
answered how often do you update your
questions you sign up all these things
become statistics for them and they
support instructors that they can see
the course of potential that over the
long term and that say I give you an
example when get pics that are they put
a little in marketing base coaches so
thing Jackie Jackie asked me a question
about whether you to me advertisers my
courses and they do I was doing a google
search on my courses the other day and
the latest one that I'm going just like
it like a pro when a typed into Google
kike of course this one it came up the
stairs
management that came up was you then
meets at that is meant with a link to my
course on you to me so I couldn't
believe my ass and not tried some of me
about some of my other courses as well
and seems like they do that consistently
achieves full BS and more asleep I
course so they spent a lot of money
course same thing happens with Facebook
very often when I get my facebook status
try see my own causes advertised by you
turn me on Facebook and I tried a little
that myself I tried various mensch tried
Facebook we don't they don't really work
patient autonomy yet I believes that the
reason that adds like that to me because
of precipitation and just that song
apparel that they have to have those
hedge trimming costs I did my thing they
need but Google
just tests gets consumed thirty minutes
later that same kind of any more usable
just been talking
$100,000 so that is amazing to me that's
why you to meet number one and I get it
from our CEO and founder from other
platforms that are up-and-coming asking
me to get my cautious on them and I have
no problem with that but i just adding
that it's it's impossible to understand
kind of support to students in more than
maybe 12 platforms boy just not feasible
for one person to do that so I had to
decline in most cases now the second
part of your question what else am I
doing a lot of searching and planning
and work I finally set up a white label
online school based on these two door up
which is now called teachable and called
the Explorer thought they just said
there are maybe about three months ago I
didn't shut up to make money
course as I said I just don't have the
boredom right now and they expect each
in marketing to make money out of it but
two months three months later on its
section the language bills now so what
I'm done is to set up a vision Easter
that its looks as best as I can without
hiring a designer I will do it some
point a gun at Chuck I engaged email
marketing so I'm using a company cold
drip stop getting there so with drip
what you can do it you can set up
automatic email broadcasts actually the
military broadcasts because those those
emails just cheney knows able to target
specific students when they do specific
things
so with chip as well I set up a form
that will spell in charge there in the
middle of the page and landing page when
somebody goes to my website it will
promise a crash course and I do not
cooperate on Nov six episodes so that's
giving out then you without actually
asking for any money out front
lost count at all think about 27 percent
conversion rate on that form which is
very high in the industry so I've tried
things like that and the medicine that
are set up text photo TV were so that
could have to be content to show how to
market a product independently of
Udinese
marketing higher power and just like
with you in the know about two years to
start making a reasonable income I think
this conversation again a year from now
over 30 years from now I think that
particular the TV I'll be able to
achieve something similar this time
able to control my own marketing and my
own market but she's I want to be in
these camps for the long term so i cant
see any other way of doing it you've
gotta have some independence you do me
maybe around today knows no pain yet
remember that might be completely
changed or that in the past now that the
change the game
80% now 28 2010 and so on the nose so
you do not have some of the same time
recommend to everybody not just a little
bit of money aside and try out and he
actually tried about how to do your own
likely have to be or not